and welcome to the Petty Profit Podcast, where we talk about news, culture, and politics from a Christian worldview.
And today is a little different because I had a kind of my typical Tuesday essay that I was working on for today.
And I just need a little more time on it.
So hope to have that for you next week.
But I didn't want to leave you down and leave you empty-handed here on a Tuesday.
And so here I am, no script, no plan.
You get to hear me in all my inarticulate glory here.
So before we figure that out, I just want to ask you, you the listener, how are you doing?
I hope things are going well.
I'm curious about the people who are listening to this show.
A few of you write in on a semi-regular basis and I get to hear from you, which is really cool.
But a lot of you don't.
So I, you know, I have no idea who you are, what your story is, how you found the show.
And I would love to hear from you.
I really would.
You know, so if you're interested in reaching out, you can always email me at, it's the email address is contact at thepetitprofit.com.
So it's contact at thepetitprofit.com.
If you have a question, a fun story to tell,
you know, an idea for, you know, maybe subject matter on an upcoming podcast.
Send it on to me.
I'd love to hear from you.
I'd love to learn more about you.
Either way, I just appreciate you reaching out.
And it's good to know there are people out there that are listening and love the show.
So, gosh, what to do?
What to do?
I'm here on the main homepage of discern.com.
And you may know about discern.
If you don't, you should.
It's a, you know, I used to be a big fan of the judge report.
It's kind of where I logged in every morning to get my news.
It was a pretty good aggregator of all the interesting news stories out there.
And something happened somewhere along the line, I think last year.
Something changed, whether it changed hands or changed ownership.
The material just wasn't the same as it used to be.
And about that same time the CERN came along.
And it's run by Adam Ford, who you may know was the founder of the Babylon Bee, really good guy.
And he's built this really, really incredible website, really for politically minded Christians, you know, for people like us who want to see the most important news stories of the day.
He finds the good stuff.
He finds the interesting stuff.
So I encourage you to check it out if you haven't.
It's at discern.com.
It's d-i-s-r-n.
So it's missing a few letters.
That's fashionable these days to take a couple letters out of a name.
But it's d-i-s-r-n.com.
So I'm here on the home page.
Let's see what's on the home page today.
Oh, let's see.
Okay.
Oh, Washington Redskins officially announced their name change.
So that's gosh.
I remember talking about this all the way back in college, you know, back in, you know, 2007, the college I went to required at least one ethnic studies course to graduate, which was, you know, essentially a course on leftist ideology and Marxism with this,
ethnic studies stamp put on it.
But yeah, I remember way back then they were talking about how they needed to change the name of the Washington Redskins and shoot.
Here we are 13 years later.
It looks like they're finally doing it because of everything that's going on right now.
So it looks like their statement
Let's see their statement was sent out today from the Washington Redskins football team.
It says this on July 3rd, we announced the commencement of a thorough review of the team's name.
That review has begun in earnest as part of this process.
We want to keep our sponsors fans and community apprised of our thinking as we go forward.
Today we are announcing we will be retiring the Redskins name and logo upon completion of this review.
So there you go.
It's gone.
Yeah, looking at some comments here.
Yeah, just a matter of time.
Yeah, I guess no surprise.
I don't know what this is going to do to help anybody to help any real actual living human beings to make their lives better.
You know, I don't know.
But, you know, we love these symbolic gestures, don't we?
You know, it's easy to
to do a symbolic gesture, a lot easier to do that than to actually look at the problem with a shred of honesty and try to solve it with a shred of resolve.
So there you have it.
We'll see what their, we see what name they come up with.
The Babylon Bee did a great article, a name change suggestion for the Washington Redskins.
Since they're in the city of
Washington, D.C., you know, the city of politics and corruption, they recommended renaming the team to the Washington Wizard people, which I think is a great name.
They should consider Washington Wizard people.
That would be a much more fitting name, I think, for the population of Washington, D.C.
So that's that story.
Let's see what else we got.
New York City reports zero coronavirus deaths.
for first time since pandemic began.
Wow, that's okay.
That's good news.
Excellent news.
Kind of ironic and strange since we're all, you know, we're kind of jumping back into this lockdown craze everywhere.
But here we are.
No coronavirus deaths in New York City.
Good news there.
Meanwhile in California, California has completely locked down once again.
Governor Newsom orders statewide re-closure of all indoor dining, as well as church services and hair salons.
You know, basically all the small businesses that keep the economy afloat, those are gone.
His winery, Gavin Newsom's personal winery, of course, will remain open.
Of course, that's important.
It's important.
You know, with the masks and all that,
It's still such a point of contention.
Even among people on the same side of the political aisle, even among conservatives or even among Christians, I posted something to Facebook today because our home city, our city council voted today on a measure to require the wearing of masks in all public places.
And so I had posted
the emails of City Council so that people could reach out to them and voice their opinion on our local city requiring masks.
And it seems like a lot of local cities have done that.
I don't know.
I don't want to debate it necessarily.
I think people on both sides can disagree in good faith on whether masks work, whether they don't.
I think that there's
You know, sound scientific arguments on either side that would suggest that masks work and also that they don't work.
You know, it is hard to know what to believe these days with, you know, just the abundance of information out there.
But, you know, for me, I was talking with my wife about this when we were traveling a couple of weeks ago, we were at the airport and everyone was wearing a mask.
You know, of course they require them on a plane.
So I wore the mask on the plane and that was it.
I didn't wear it in
any of the airports.
And I stuck out like a sore thumb.
I looked at everyone, you know, I got dirty looks, you know, I've already had the virus.
So I knew I wasn't infecting anybody.
But I, this might seem a little melodramatic, but I feel like I need to practice being willing to stand out and being willing to be an outcast, I guess.
Even if it's something trivial as a mask, I don't feel they help.
I know personally that I don't need to wear one to protect anybody because I've already had the virus, so I felt like wearing one was a lie.
It was like a lie to make other people feel better, and that just didn't sit well with me.
I didn't wear one at the airport.
It drove my wife crazy because she wore one.
She wears one and, you know, she's, she's a lot nicer than me and she follows rules.
And, uh, but, you know, I don't know.
I, I think that, you know, that while the mask issue might be kind of trivial and it's a small minor inconvenience, I don't like the idea that so many people are so, um,
seem to be so unquestionably obedient and just are willing to accept what experts say.
I'm way more skeptical of experts.
And I want to practice standing out and standing up.
If for some reason, you know, one, two, three years, 10 years down the road, we are asked or pressured into doing something different, something worse.
And I figure I might as well practice being a bit disagreeable.
So that's my reasoning behind it.
I don't know if that is good reasoning or not, but that's my reasoning.
Let's see what else we got.
LA and San Diego Public Schools will be online only for the remainder of this year.
So the kids in California are not going back to school.
That is great news.
Great news for the kids of California.
The longer they stay home from those schools, the better.
At least for the kids that are in good home situations, for the kids that aren't, God help us.
And I pray for their protection and their safety.
Let's see what else we got here.
Again, in Chicago, this is almost sounding like old news at this point.
64 people were shot, 13 people were killed in Chicago over the weekend.
It just never ends.
There was this thing that happened, I think, when Black Lives Matter initially kicked off after the George Floyd killing.
I think a lot of well-meaning people took that
phrase black lives matter they and they took it literally they said oh yeah okay black lives matter you know let's let's let's save black lives and you know oh let's we need to talk about gang violence we need to talk about you know all these people that are getting shot in chicago in new york city and and they were quickly shouted down oh no no no no no wait wait wait no no that's that's um we're not talking about those those black lives you know black lives matter is is a cause only for black people who are killed by police that's why we're
marching.
You know, the other Black lives, yeah, that's, that's a different, different cause.
We don't care.
But it's, it's so sad to just see this, just this constant tragedy play out every single week and every single weekend.
Nobody seems to care.
No one's doing anything about it.
The only people that are doing something are pulling funding away from the cops.
in a time when violence is skyrocketing and kids are being killed, a one year old was shot at a barbecue last week.
A little black kid, one year old shot, who knows, some altercation or to gain violence or who knows what.
And these people are talking about defunding the police in this climate.
It's just, you know, I'm very skeptical of their claim that they actually care about black lives.
You know, I think they care about their politics and they're using black lives.
But I don't think they care about black lives.
Let's see.
What else?
One more.
And then we'll be done here.
Oh, Idaho Congressman calls for removal of Margaret Sanger bust from the National Portrait Gallery.
That's a good idea.
So yeah, Margaret Sanger was the white supremacist eugenicist.
Who founded Planned Parenthood along with a bunch of other eugenicists?
And her statue is still standing.
So while we're removing statues, we should probably add her to the mix as well.
You know what?
Let's do a couple more here.
There's a lot of good stuff here.
What's this?
Decorated 12 tour veteran dubbed Captain America dies by suicide.
Master Sergeant Andrew Christian.
Mark and Sano, a decorated green beret, a silver star recipient, 12 tour veteran whose friends called him the real Captain America, died by suicide on July 6th.
He had a wife and three small children gosh dang.
I don't know how this man was able to surf 12 tours overseas.
Anyone who is serving
12 tours.
That's not healthy.
There's something wrong.
How he was allowed to do this, I can't even imagine.
I can't imagine.
My gosh.
Six tours in Afghanistan and six tours with the Ranger Regiment.
He is the 30th member of his battalion to commit suicide.
This is a big deal.
You know, this is home for me too, because I only did one tour in Iraq as a Marine Corps infantryman and a handful of my friends have killed themselves since coming back as well.
It's a real epidemic.
It's a whole mix of things, I think.
There's this never-ending war that we've been involved in for
over a decade now, well over a decade.
I think there's been an exit of Christianity, meaning and purpose from our culture.
And then, you know, on top of that, military psychiatrists are over-medicating, way over-medicating, people who are having psychological difficulties and
You know, I've seen the effects of it.
I know, personally, know people who've experienced the effects of it, and it's a real shame.
So, you know, keep the military in your prayers right now.
You know, it's something that's kind of a little bit been out of sight, out of mind, with all of the other stuff going on.
But suicide is a terrible crisis in the military right now.
And I think there's a bit of
poison in the culture, and there's this overabundance of medication, and people just need the Lord.
We need to pray for folks who are struggling.
I don't know how I came back as mentally sound as I did, and I sensed it while I was over there, almost a sense that God almost kind of had a shield around my mind or my spirit while I was over there.
It sounds weird to say, but I'm really grateful
I'm grateful that God protected me while I was serving and a lot of people I served with and a lot of people I am close to can't say the same thing.
So be praying for our men and women in the military who are still serving tours over there and still facing this struggle every day.
So much bad news in the world.
So much brokenness and hopelessness, anger, rage.
You do get the sense that things are toppling.
Everything's kind of crumbling and falling apart.
I don't know if they are or if they aren't.
That's not for me to say, but all I can say is that, hey, Christian, it's time for us to get to work.
Whatever God is calling you to do, double down on it, start it,
Reach out to that person, reach out to that neighbor, have that discussion, serve that person.
We have a lot of work to do.
Not to save the culture or the country or to turn things around the way we want them to be.
The world is going to go, the way the world is going to go, but we are here to introduce
people to the one who saved us and the one who died for us.
And so, you know, in the midst of all this brokenness and confusion, the fields, you know, as Jesus said, are white for the harvest.
And there are a lot of people and more every day who need to hear this stuff.
So, you know, it seems like everything I just read, everything I went through, it's just one call after another for we as Christians to be engaged
You know, not just online, not just in media, but face to face with our friends, with our family, with the person down the street.
So ask God what that might look like for you.
It's going to look different for each one of us.
We're each gifted differently.
We're each placed differently and in each job, each person's job is going to look a little bit different.
So anyway,
Um, yeah, that was my, this is, this has been my off the cuff episode.
Sorry that it wasn't as, uh, as prim and polished and produced as, uh, I typically like it to be, but, um, uh, but you guys are, are really great listeners, really great audience.
And, uh, I want to make sure that, uh, that I have something out for you.
Um, I appreciate the chance to do that.
And, uh, I would love to hear from you.
Again, if you want to reach out to the show, it's contact at thepetitprofit.com.
Contact at thepetitprofit.com or you can visit the website and there's a contact form on there if you want to reach out.
So thanks for listening.
I love you guys.
I love each one of you.
I appreciate all your support.
And I am praying for you just as you navigate the craziness of this life and the difficulties.
that God will use you and that His Spirit will fill you and enable you to complete this mission that we're all here for.
So we will talk to you later this Thursday with another man hug and I will have this nice little produced essay for you next Tuesday.
So thank you very much.
This has been the Petty Prophet podcast.